Frequently Asked Questions
 
Should you have a different question not on this list, Please Click Here To Contact Us
 
 
 

Q: What makes CarRentals.com different? 

A: So glad you asked! We connect directly to our suppliers' inventories without any middleman. Our prices are often more competitive and our bookings are more accurate. We also have the ability to offer our clients access to One-Way Car Rentals, as well as Off-Airport locations. In addition, you can modify your reservation online if the need arises. 

 

Q: Why can't I just go to the rental car counter at the airport? 

A: Of course, you can. But it is difficult to get a competitive rate that way. It is easier to use an online car rental consolidator like CarRentals.com to book ahead of time and be assured of a guaranteed price. 

 

Q: Can I make last minute changes to my car rental at the counter when I pick up my rental car? 

A: Yes, but you usually get much better rates if you change your reservation in advance by modifying your rental at CarRentals.com. This is very often handy for travelers who can log in using their PDA. This will also save you time. 

 

Q: I want to Pick-Up my car at one location and Drop-Off the car at another location. What should I do? 

A: Just click on "Return at Different Location" and another field will appear. Then begin to input your return location and click on the choice which best meets your needs. It may be necessary to type in another letter of the city name to find your location from the drop-down window. 

 

Q: Can I modify/change/cancel an existing reservation? 

A: Yes. CarRentals.com allows users to modify their existing reservations. Of course, modifications may cause rate changes; but, there is never a fee for a reservation modification. You will need your reservation number and email address to make changes. If you have already picked up your vehicle, it is necessary to contact the vendor to extend your reservation. Their telephone number is on your rental agreement. 

 

Q: What is your cancellation policy? 

A: Some of our reservations require a credit card to secure a booking, most do not. If we ask you for a credit card, then you will need to check the Local Policy Information for further details in order to avoid a cancellation fee from the vendor. However, if we did not ask for your credit card information, we request the courtesy of a cancellation as soon as you are aware you do not intend to keep the reservation. 

 

Q: What do I need to rent a car? 

A: The vendor will require a valid driver's license and a major credit card in your own name with enough available funds to cover at least the cost of the rental. Some vendors may require an additional deposit depending on the location. A debit card may be acceptable at some locations. Local renters are advised to bring a utility bill in your name which shows the home address. It is also advisable to travel with proof of insurance. 

 

Q: When will I get charged? 

A: CarRentals.com is able to secure reservations very often without a credit card but the vendor will want payment with a credit card when you arrive at the counter to pick up your car. If you opt to purchase collision insurance online, your credit card will be charged immediately for the insurance premium portion only. While you may use a debit card to purchase collision coverage, the vendor may not accept a debit card as payment for the rental vehicle. 

 

Q: Do you accept debit cards as payment? 

A: Please keep in mind that every car vendor we service accepts credit cards as a payment. What about debit cards? That depends on the car vendor, exact location, your age and whether you have proof of a round trip ticket. If you already have a reservation with us, it is easy for us to assist you as we have all the details. If you do not have a reservation already, you must provide us with ALL the details (car vendor, car type, pick up location, if over 25 years old, and whether you are a local renter or not) and we can help. After you make a reservation, you will be given the toll-free number for the vendor and if you prefer, you can contact the car vendor yourself directly. They can easily supply you with accepted payment information. 

 

Q: Can I use a debit card to purchase collision insurance online? 

A: Certainly, but you will still need to check with the vendor to see if they will accept a debit card as payment for the car rental. 

 

Q: Does the price quoted include all taxes? 

A: CarRentals.com always shows you the TOTAL RATE. This includes the total of all known rates, taxes, fees, surcharges and applicable drop off charges that you must pay either by law or by local policy for the length of a particular car rental request. However, this price does not include services such as insurance waivers, underage fees, special equipment, mileage charges, or gasoline, etc. It also does not include extra day or hour charges that can result from a late return of the rental car. This price is provided so you can better estimate the total price you may pay to the rental car company for your car, but is not a guarantee of your total charges. 

 

Q: What are airport taxes? 

A: Airport taxes are the fees that the airports charge to car companies for the use of their terminals, railroads, and roads; plus other service charges mandated by the airport. 

 

Q: Is there an advantage to choosing an off-airport location? 

A: At an off-airport location, you will avoid many of the mandatory taxes and fees associated with renting at the airport; however, you will need to provide your own transportation to the location. 

 

Q: Are there additional charges for car rentals in countries outside of the US? 

A: Yes, there may be some mandatory insurance that is not included in the rate if you cannot provide proof of coverage. Check with the car company when you are picking up your car or email us for further information. 

 

Q: Can I request special equipment? 

A: Sure. You can request child seats, GPS, ski racks, CD players, etc. by emailing us or calling the vendor directly. Not all vendors or locations will have the requested items so please check before you arrive at the counter. 

 

Q: Will I receive the make/model of car I have reserved? 

A: Receiving the requested make or model of car depends upon availability at the time of your arrival to pick up the vehicle. The vendor cannot guarantee the make or model you will receive.
The passenger icons to the right of the image of the vehicle indicate the number of seat belts in the vehicle. The luggage icons are to be used as a guide only; there is no guarantee your luggage will fit in the vehicle. 

 

Q: How old do I have to be to rent a car? 

A: The rates given are for 25 years and older. However, most vendors will allow you to rent if you are between the ages of 21-24 for a surcharge. There are a few locations which will allow you to rent if you are 18 years old. There may also be limits on the size vehicle you will be permitted to rent. Please email us with your exact pick up location and choice of vendor and we will be able to assist you. 

 

Q: Is there a shuttle service to my rental car? 

A: Most vendors offer shuttle bus service from the terminal to their airport location. If you opt to pick up a vehicle from an off-airport location, you will need to provide your own transportation from the airport to the facility. 

 

Q: How can I get the best rates? 

A: CarRentals.com offers the best rates available at the time you book the car. However, prices fluctuate constantly based on supply and demand, so if you see a better price, you can always modify your reservation to take advantage of the lower price. You can also call the vendor to see if they will accept your coupons or discounts. 

 

Q: Does my car come with unlimited mileage? 

A: Please check under the features column to determine if your car comes with unlimited mileage. If you live locally, there may be exceptions. In addition, some locations have geographical restrictions. If traveling outside of the state, province or country, please email us for further information or call the vendor directly. 

 

Q: Is my credit card information secure? 

A: All credit card communications utilize HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer, or HTTP over SSL) which encrypts sensitive information. 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
